Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
He's out there.
Look for the muzzle flash.
Then burn the jungle.
Base perimeter
seems to be clear.
We'll try further out. Over.
Percell. maintain
your intervals.
What. you wanna
hold my hand too. Ru?
Three days and
a wake-up. sarge.
We're just covering
your butt.
We're hit! We're hit!
Gordy's hit!
He's jamming the safety!
He's jamming the safety.
I can't get him off!
I can't get him off.
We're losing control!
Mayday! Mayday!
We're coming in hard.
All right. I've gained control.
I'm coming down. coming down.
Base. request medic.
We got a copilot shot.
Request medic.
Base. coming in.
Roger. We have
emergency teams standing by.
Come on. you SOB! Come on.
Half a million GIs
in country
and we can't spot
one lousy sniper?
It's a big jungle.
Taylor.
Yeah. maybe Charlie
decided to pull up stakes
and move to Tan Son Nhut.
Either way. it ain't your
problem no more. sarge.
Yeah. Johnson.
You survived a full tour
and a four-month extension.
How's it feel coming in
from your last mission?
Fat lady ain't singing yet.
Percell.
I still got 72 hours.
38 minutes and 42 seconds.
Yeah. but we done our three days
looking for the sniper.
That means
it's Team Zeus's turn
and you've saddled up
for your last time.
That's right.
All you gotta do is worry about
catching the big bird to Tupelo.
You're going
home. man.
Hey. hey. what's going on?
Come on. sarge.
don't get steamed.
We're just watching
out for you.
Hey. look. I don't need
a bodyguard. Percell.
You'd do the same for us.
Okay. I know what you guys
are trying to do.
and I appreciate it. I do.
But I managed to get
through most of my tour
without you two on my tail.
Look. if something works.
why fix it?
See. sarge.
you gotta think of yourself
as a finely tuned automobile.
cruising down the main drag
of Tupelo.
Some guy plows into you.
You gonna tell me you're
better off without insurance?
See. Johnson. what he's telling
you is we are your insurance.
Look. I don't need any.
You just do your job.
let me do mine.
And don't do me any favors.
Get down! Get down!
- A sniper!
- Cover!
Clear!
Bet you'll think twice
about that insurance.
Hold your fire!
This sniper situation is getting
damn frustrating. lieutenant.
I share the sentiment. sir.
He shoots at our choppers
and just disappears!
Well. sir. he doesn't
leave many signs.
Just a few sandal prints.
nothing more.
He tried to shoot
Lieutenant McKay's chopper
out of the sky this morning.
McKay all right?
Yeah. but his copilot
wasn't so lucky.
Lieutenant. your team's been out
for the last three days.
When am I going
to see some results?
That will be all.
lieutenant.
Sir...
I said. that will be all.
lieutenant.
You should have told me you had
a sniper problem. colonel.
Snipers are one
of my specialties.
All right. so. what's everybody
drinking? It's on me.
No. no. no.
I'm short. I'm buying.
Beers all around.
Okay. I guess you can
afford to be a big spender
now that you're gonna be
a big college man.
Hey. let's have this first sip
to sarge's last mission.
Three days
and a wake-up.
No. to you guys.
Thanks for everything.
So you thought about
what you're gonna be studying
when you get to college?
I don't know.
Maybe... Maybe something
to do with politics.
No. that might work out.
He's full of bull.
Ladies and gentlemen.
the President
of the United States.
Marvin Johnson.
Whoo! Yeah!
Hey. look. I got some big plans
for when I go back to the world.
I don't think president
is one of them. though.
I just wanna get me
an education. you know.
And a job.
A real good job.
Maybe even do some work for the
movement between now and then.
Stuff some envelopes.
answer the phone.
Whatever I can do
to carry on Dr. King's work.
There you go! All right.
Wanna play some darts. Dan?
Well. now.
I'm all for that.
First one to hit Ho Chi's nose
buys the beer.
You ain't gonna change the
system stuffing no envelopes.
Well. we gotta start somewhere.
don't we. Taylor?
What's wrong
with you. anyway?
Ain't nothing wrong with me.
Look. I figure like this:
The more education
I get right now.
the better chance
I've got of changing things
when I get back
to the world.
Johnson. it's the white man
getting himself elected
so he can send the black man
to fight the yellow man.
I don't buy that.
That's too easy.
Don't think you
got it made
because the white man
made you sergeant.
Over here he needs you
to watch his back.
Back home. he just
wants you to wash it.
At least I'm trying to
do something with my life.
instead of hiding out
in the Army.
Who you talking about
hiding out in the Army?
You.
If you had something
to go back to.
you wouldn't have re-upped
in the first place.
Why do you keep putting
your hands on me?
Look. at least my head
ain't full of stupid dreams.
You know what...
What? What are
you gonna do. huh?
What are you
gonna do. Johnson?
Yeah. you ought to
get that Spec-4.
What are you gonna do. Johnson?
College boy!
Hey. let him go. Let him go.
Hey. hey. hey.
What the hell's
wrong with him. anyway?
It don't mean nothing.
It doesn't matter
what Taylor said.
You're not gonna make it
anyway. Johnson.
That sniper's got your number.
Here on the base.
or out in the bush.
Three days and a wake-up.
You're a dead man.
I'm gonna ask you
politely one more time.
Where is Lu Bin?
Oh. I know you know where he is
and what he looks like!
I'll bet the two of you
eat fish heads together
at least once a week.
Maybe share
the same women.
No speaky?
No speaky at all?
Last chance!
Lu Bin!
Where is Lu Bin?
What does he look like?
Okay.
Okay!
Don't say old Duke Fontaine
didn't warn you!
Good!
But if you're lying. boy.
you better learn how to fly.
Get him out of my sight!
By 17:30 hour.
Exactly how dangerous is he?
Well. he isn't
a combat soldier.
so to the individual troop
in the field. negligible.
But to our war effort
as a whole.
devastating.
Sir?
Lu Bin is single-handedly
undermining
our hearts and minds program
in the Bac Lieu province.
He's a little ideologue
who's turned at least 40 villes.
And what's his MO?
Charisma and ruthless brutality.
He's. uh. almost mythical
to the peasants.
If a ville has any kind of
VC leaning. he wins it over.
What if they're friendly?
You pike a few heads
in the village square.
these dinks get religion
real fast.
The CIA has asked for our help
to kidnap Lu Bin.
How will we identify him?
Mr. Fontaine has a detailed
description of the man.
Do you have any photos?
That's outstanding.
Not bad.
John McKay.
I know who you are.
I'm Duke Fontaine.
Yeah. well. I know who you are.
Most chopper jocks do.
That sniper set you down hard
yesterday. didn't he?
Yeah. he killed my copilot.
Got a line on his perch?
No. he keeps moving around.
If he settles down. try and get
a fix on what he's shooting.
Get your ordnance people
to doctor some rounds
and salt the area.
Dink will always
take free ammo.
He chambers one of those jesses.
no more sniper.
Sounds like a winner.
Well. it's my job to come up
with winners. McKay.
And I'm good at my job.
Besides. second place
is a body bag.
And that's too close
and too dark for me.
Good hunting.
Stack 'em six high over here.
all right?
McKay. what are you
doing up here?
I thought we were
going to Saigon.
This scum bucket
takes pot shots at us
every time we're in or out.
And I'm gonna nail him.
Don't you think
you're taking this
a little personally?
Hell. yes.
I'm taking it personally.
He killed my copilot.
I want to win
the war. Goldman.
And if the highers
aren't gonna let us do that.
well. then.
I want to survive.
You know. I'm getting tired of
snipers taking pot shots at me.
Tired of transporting bodies
like some flying hearse.
And I'm tired
of my heart stopping
every time somebody
comes up behind me.
Well. that sounds
like you're tired.
Get down!
Did you hear about
the mission tomorrow?
Yeah. we're taking old Freefall
Fontaine out for a ride. huh?
Yeah.
Did he ever throw anybody
off your chopper?
Not yet.
What do you mean.
"Not yet"?
You sound like
he's one of your heroes.
Yeah. well. he fights to win.
He goes all out.
No pun intended.
Well. maybe he throws a little
humanity out of the chopper
with his prisoners.
The important thing is.
he gets the job done.
Come on. McKay.
That's extreme. even for you.
Yeah. well. everything over here
seems to be a little extreme.
And it is personal.
Cover!
Anybody hit?
Hey. Hey. Johnson.
All right. all right.
Now. according here to
the vomit countdown. right...
Ha. ha. You got it.
You got eight meals left.
which is two
banquet breakfasts...
Hey. sorry about that.
That's all right. doc.
You got three lovely lunches.
you got three super suppers.
and you're out of here!
All right.
Company. halt!
LT's got a briefing.
We got a mission tomorrow.
I'll check
with you later.
Johnson.
come here a minute.
I got some good news. Johnson.
You're gonna sit this one out.
What?
Yeah. LT's got it cleared.
You just gotta check in
your gear and out-process early.
Johnson. that's
supposed to be good news.
Yeah. I know. sarge.
But it ain't right.
What are you talking
about. Johnson?
You ain't got
nothing to prove.
Sarge. I know. But I always
go out. I'm supposed to go out.
I don't want to hear
any of that nonsense.
The team's gonna have to
get used to you being gone.
and now's as good a time
to start as any.
Sarge. I can't break
my routine now.
I gotta do everything exactly
the way I always do it
or. sarge. I ain't gonna make it
out of here alive.
That's crazy. Johnson.
No. it ain't. sarge.
Not if you believe it.
It's up to you. Johnson.
Up to you.
Johnson!
Johnson.
Aah!
Johnson. it's okay.
It's okay.
Calm down.
Calm down so you
can pull back.
Start to pull back.
It's okay.
Danny. remember Friedman?
Always did things the same way.
day in and day out.
Five days and a wake-up
and they let him off detail.
He was sitting on the can
reading a magazine
while his platoon
was out in the field. Danny.
Sniper blew him
all over Firebase Ladybird.
Johnson.
that was one guy.
No. no. Lots of guys. Danny.
Lots of guys.
You mess with the routine.
you're messing with fate. man.
Listen to me.
Johnson. now. listen to me.
We have all missed missions.
It's no big deal.
Danny. this is different. man.
I gotta stick to the routine.
Gotta stick to the routine.
You're gonna do
what you gotta do.
Would you relax?
You're gonna be all right.
Just relax.
I gotta stick
to the routine. man.
Get some rest.
You get some rest.
It's too close.
I don't want to die
in this toilet.
God. don't let me die
Come on. man.
Why don't you just run off
and marry her. Ru?
Taylor. what
is your problem?
Nothing.
Ru's acting like
that's his first skirt.
Susanna ain't a skirt. man.
Then you got a serious
problem. don't you?
Yeah. you.
Hey. knock it off.
What's it to you. huh?
That man's business
is his business.
Now you mind yours.
All right. everybody.
listen up now.
This mission is a quick snatch
in a bad neighborhood.
On top of all that.
they're sending along a spook
to keep us company.
So I don't have time for this
kind of crap. Understand me?
So get it squared away.
Now.
Damn.
Okay. goofball. Eat this.
Hey. man.
This way.
It's this way. Johnson.
I'm in charge.
We're moving this way.
It's this way...
sergeant.
I just gave you an order.
What are you gonna do.
Johnson. huh?
You gonna turn me in?
Ohh! Ow.
You satisfied?
Ow!
I'm going to write you up
for insubordination.
Go ahead.
I don't think it got
much of my foot. Ohh!
Why do you always got
to be so much damn trouble?
I thought that's what you
liked about me. Johnson.
I don't like nothing
about you. Taylor.
Ohh!
Ow!
God!
Hey. man. Hey. You all right?
Yeah. Oh. that little
bastard hit me hard.
Ohh.
Johnson. man. I'm sorry
I got you into this.
It wasn't your fault. man.
Yeah. it was.
If I hadn't been
fighting you...
I would have been
watching what I was doing.
What is you
saying. huh?
Stop that! Stop it.
Ugh! Argh! Aargh!
Hey!
Hey. man. Hey.
I don't think
he wants us to talk.
Either that or he...
He's just cleaning his sandals.
What have you got?
Small outpost.
Two guards on my side.
What about Johnson and Taylor?
They left before you did.
They'll be back.
Anything?
Maybe something.
Maybe nothing.
"Maybe something.
maybe nothing"?
What the hell
does that mean?
Just that.
What is your name?
Sergeant Marvin Johnson.
RA4904862.
Why are you here?
Sergeant Marvin Johnson.
RA490...
Why are you here?
Sergeant Marvin Johnson.
RA49...
That is not an ordinary Army
uniform. Sergeant Johnson.
That is the uniform
of your elite special forces.
Now. why are you here?
Sergeant Marvin Johnson.
RA49048...
Your friend is strong.
We will see how strong...
and how firm your resolve.
Be still.
you little zipperhead.
What the hell
are you doing. Fontaine?
I could pop that gook
from here.
Our orders are
to take him alive.
That's what I told your colonel
to get him to help me.
My orders are
to terminate this guy.
You don't give the orders
out here. I do.
I could take over.
you know.
Could you?
LT. they got Johnson and Taylor
down there.
Not for long. they don't.
Fontaine. I've got two men
whose lives are
at risk down there.
That's not
my problem.
It is now.
We'll do it your way.
But you'd better pray
we get that gook.
How many are with you?
Where are the others?
Marvin Johnson.
sergeant.
You're drowning him!
Ah!
Now it is your turn
to save your friend.
How many
in your unit?
Where are they?
Sergeant S-4
Marcus Taylor.
Where are they? Where are they?
Sergeant S-4...
Where are they?
Private Johnson...
Sergeant...
Where are they?
LT.
We'd never get
close enough.
Unless they start to kill them.
we wait until dark.
then we go in.
Nobody shoots
till I give the signal.
Got it?
I got it.
Just keep...
Keep fighting it. man.
We just gotta hold on till
the... Till the guys get here.
You're dreaming. Marv.
You got a better idea?
Uh-uh.
Johnson?
Yeah?
Man. I'm sorry.
Come on. man.
All that trash
I was talking. man.
I didn't mean nothing
by it.
Oh. God!
You ain't gotta apologize
for the way you feel. man.
Yeah. but I ain't got
no reason.
You got the right.
I ain't got no right to dump on
other people's dreams.
Man. I don't know why
I got so mad
every time you talked
about going to college
and doing something
with yourself.
but I just got mad.
I guess...
'cause you were going home.
Guess I'm gonna
miss you too. man.
Hope we live long enough
to miss each other.
One of you will tell me
what I want to know.
One of you will live.
One of you will die.
The question is...
which.
You? You?
Perhaps I should tell you
what you have
to look forward to.
First. a little game with fire.
Then. I will cut
your eyes out... slowly.
If you still will not talk.
I will peel you...
like a grape.
Even those who survive
these earlier tests
are better off dead.
Why don't you
save yourselves much pain?
Speak to me now!
Why don't you stick it...
All right. we'll go in
with two teams.
You go in first. sergeant.
You flank left
and take Percell with you.
Percell.
give doc the radio.
Doc. you stay with Ru.
Ru. you set that pig up.
If we get into any trouble.
you make it squeal.
Fontaine. you stick with me.
Let's do it.
Doc. you want
to feed ammo?
Feed what?
Forget it. doc.
Think about
what is ahead for you.
We will see how courageous
you feel in the morning.
There's our boy.
Fontaine!
Something's gone wrong.
Let's go.
It's catching on fire.
Johnson.
We've gotta get loose.
Keep working on it.
Pull it.
- Work at it.
- It's gotta be...
Keep working on it.
Just keep working on it.
Keep working!
Damn it. come on!
Go. go. go. go!
Percell.
pop that flare.
Johnson! Keep working it!
Keep working it!
He's getting up. Johnson!
He's getting up!
Keep working it!
I'll cover you. You go.
Go. go. go!
I'm going in.
Cover me.
All right. go!
Sarge!
Sarge. cut us loose!
Cut me off this rope!
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
Hey. you guys all right?
Other than damn near barbecuing.
doc. I'm fine.
Sergeant. let's get
the hell out of here.
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Damn! He was the wrong guy.
He wasn't even Lu Bin.
Some lousy VC lieutenant.
You cannot trust
these gooks.
Should've airmailed
that sucker in the chopper.
Shut up. Fontaine.
That's affirmative.
Goldilocks.
We got a visual.
We're popping smoke.
All right. let's clear back
or it'll land on our heads.
I still have to find
this Lu Bin character.
Since you know the assignment.
I'm gonna request your team.
Not a chance.
You lied to me.
And you risked the lives
of my men
on some wild-goose chase
you had.
Two of my boys
almost got roasted. buddy...
because of you.
It was a mistake.
It was unnecessary.
The guy I was questioning
was lying to me.
What was I supposed to do?
I'd have lied too
if I thought I had to walk home
from 2000 feet.
How would you like to earn
your nickname. Freefall?
Huh?
Go ahead.
But I don't think
you got the hair for it.
Sergeant!
He ain't worth it.
You're right. LT.
I'd be doing him a favor.
And there ain't no way
I'm gonna do that.
Whoo-hoo!
Whoa!
All right. that's enough.
damn it.
Hey. hey.
LT. take it easy.
Hose it down. Smitty.
I want that sucker.
Hey. put us down. LT.
then go after him.
Yeah. put us down. LT.
Come on. LT.
We've gotta take this.
Yeah. okay. don't get
your underwear in a bundle.
We're going in.
- All right.
- Move.
Yeah! Come on. Whoo!
Oh. this feels so good!
So you got
all your stuff?
Packed and ready.
It's gotta be the happiest day
of your life. Johnson.
Yeah. it is.
It is.
It's a sad one too.
though.
I mean. if I live
to be 100 years old.
I don't think
I'll ever experience
anything as intense
as all this.
I mean. it's just so.
you know. intense.
Intense and crazy.
I mean. one night we're out
looking for Victor Charles.
He tries to kill us.
we try to kill him.
And the next night
we sit around. drink beer
and talk about it.
I bet you they're doing
the same thing.
You know? Sitting around.
talking about it.
I mean. nobody
except the guys that are here
could know how it was.
And nobody gonna know
what I'm talking about.
You ain't gonna find many people
willing to listen either.
If you do. they won't care
about you.
Cut it out. Percell.
You're becoming a cynic.
And this is supposed to be
a celebration!
Hey. yeah. that's right.
All right!
To no more humping
the boonies!
All right. no more humping
the boonies.
and no more laying awake
in the hooch all night
listening to Percell
snore like a chain saw.
And no more reaching into
your pocket for your wallet
and shaking hands with Taylor!
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
And no more having to listen
to Ru bitch about the chow
and then brag about his women.
and then bitch about the bunk
All right. all right.
You've made your point.
When you get back there.
you tell your mom and everybody
that all of us here
think her boy Marvin
is one hell
of a fine human being.
Oh. yeah.
Can't help but drink to that.
Drink to that.
Let's drink. Amen.
You're the best damn friend
I ever had.
I'm really sorry. man.
Hey. forget it.
I can't forget it.
I almost got us killed.
I just hope
you can forget it.
Forget what?
Now. that ups it
for us.
That was just like
I showed you guys.
That was good.
I thought you'd forgotten.
To Marvin. man.
To Marvin.
You keep your eyes open.
Smitty.
If that guy don't shoot us.
we get him.
Sarge. I'm scared.
Johnson.
scared of what?
You just survived a full tour
and four months in country here.
you're about to get
on a chopper and go home.
What are you scared of?
Sarge. when I came here.
I was just a kid. you know?
I mean. I'd been in the Army
for a while
but I was still a kid.
And they gave me a weapon
and live ammunition
and told me I had to come over
here and start killing people.
Sergeant. what I'm trying to say
is I'm grown up now
and I don't know what it's going
to be like back in the world.
Well. you're right
about one thing. Johnson.
You're not a kid anymore.
you're a man.
And you're a good man.
You're decent and you're strong.
and if you don't mind
my saying so. I'm proud of you.
You know. of all the things
that happened to you over here.
you didn't let any of it
turn you away
from what you came over here
believing about good.
and right and wrong.
Whatever you decide to do.
I know you'll do a good job.
Thanks. sarge.
Now get out of here.
Hey. sarge. I just thought
about something.
This is the last time
in my life
I'm ever gonna have to
take an order from you.
Johnson. get on that chopper.
Now!
Get out of Vietnam.
That's a direct order. Now go.
Go. go.
Move. move. move.
Johnson.
Yes. sarge?
Keep your head down.
Clear!
All right.
Get out of here.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org